# code_samples
Examples of code I have written. There are three files, all of which are self contained, as in the file does not call any external functions. There are data files that are called in each program which were not included in this repository. The purposes of these files are to provide an example of my typical coding style, with the exception being each file has been changed to be self contained and all external functions were included in the relevent file.

The "event_stas.py" file contains the code I used for identifying events from a network of ground magnetomoter stations, and then used the time stamps of those events to look at solar wind conditions at the time of the events. The code has the capability of creating numerous types of plots depending on the solar wind variable being examined. 

The "CNN_direct_prediction.py" file is a code I wrote to directly predict the change in the horizontal ground magnetic field at a series of magnetometer stations. The code takes data that has previously been interpolated over, and performs a series of opperations on it to prepare it for input into a Convolutional Neural Network, to make predictions 1 minute in the future. It plots the data and calculates several metrics used to evaluate the performance of the model. It then stores the results of the predictions for further anaylsis. This code was used in a study that, at the time of this writing, has been submitted for publication and is currently under review. 

The "k_fold_classification.py" file was written to examine similar phenomena as the "CNN_direct_prediciton.py" file, but in a different manner. This code breaks the ground magnetic field fluctuations into several threshold values, identifies when the value crosses these thresholds, and creates a model that does a probilistic forecast to determine the liklihood of the value exceeding those thresholds in a future window of time. The particular code also uses a Convolutional Neural Network to perfrom the prediction. In order to introduce uncertainty into the predictions, a shuffle split is perfromed on the training and validation data, and the CNN model is run a number of times and all of the output results considered. Due to the nature of random weight initalization and updates this introduces a level of randomness in the results, and a confidence interval can be plotted. This also allows us another window in which to examine the underlying physics in the results.
